fix: random documentation is incorrect/misleading (#1)
NetLogo/beginners-interactive-netlogo-dictionary: app/static/md/random.md

Things to keep in mind when using `random`:

> * Always remember that `random` will give us numbers within the range from 0 to N - 1, instead of 1 to N. For example, if we run `random 3`, we may get 0, 1, or 2, *but not 3*. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Always remember that `random` will give us numbers within the range from 0 to N - 1, instead of 1 to N. For example, if we run `random 3`, we may get 0, 1, or 2, *but not 3*. In math and computer science language, we would say that the `random` primitive produces numbers in the range 0 to N *exclusive*, meaning that the number N itself is *excluded* from the possible set of values. 
```

> * If you want to generate a random number from `minnumber` to `maxnumber - 1`, you can use the following format: `minnumber + (random (maxnumber - minnumber))`. For example, if we wanted to generate a random number between 4 and 6 (that is, we want to get 4, 5, or 6), we could write the following code: `4 + random 3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you want to generate a random number from `A` to `B` *exclusive*, you can use the following format: `A + random (B - A)`. For example, if we wanted to generate a random number between 4 and 7 exclusive (that is, we want to get 4, 5, or 6), we could write the following code: `4 + random (7 - 4)` or simply `4 + random 3`.
```
